Add Cosmwasm Optimint Tutorial (#151)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/developers/cosmwasm-contract-interaction.md

# Contract Interaction on CosmWasm with Celestia
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

> In the previous steps, we have stored our Smart Contract `txhash` in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous steps, we have stored out contract's tx hash in an
```

environment variable for later use.

Because of the longer time periods of submitting transactions via Optimint
due to waiting on Celestia's Data Availability Layer to confirm block inclusion,

> we will need to query our `txhash` directly to get information about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we will need to query our  tx hash directly to get information about it.
```

## Contract Querying

> Let's start by querying our transaction hash for its Code ID:

Reviewer: Replace elsewhere too

```suggestion
Let's start by querying our transaction hash for its code ID:
```
